Husband, these days,
I watched you help me take care of Qian Jian,
Pay pure for me, I am very touched.
But it is also worthy of being named Blue Star. What is the level of living in the name of Fu Chun?
With your red ambition, you will inflict injuries on another ten thousand people,
Instead of changing to this small river city,
Nowadays, I hope you can open new money,
Start your new life. Decompose.
Don't miss me, everything is fine with me,
I hope you can cherish the people in front of you,
Don't be so obscene as to shout. Decompose.
I am in front of him
Okay, buy one of mine first. It’s impossible to take care of him.
Last night you were the better one
Give it to me really
That's it
Let's figure it out soon
You don't want to die
Don't think you don't know
You go back to your room first
What is brother doing?
The material quality of my pretty old man is useless
Hello dad, clear things up
I didn't do my two last night
You have always taken care of me
Otherwise, I'll be the one to take over this one. The kid's side is on the other side.
I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming
I'll come, I'll come
Okay, you're awake
This next girl is a girl
You're going to wake up, you're going to sleep